Move to Poetry and Python 3.8 (#363)
4dn-dcic/tibanna: docs/news.rst

.. _releases: https://github.com/4dn-dcic/tibanna/releases

  **Mar 10, 2022** The latest version is now 2.0.0_.

>     - The default Python version for Tibanna is now 3.8. Python 3.6 is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The default Python version for Tibanna is now 3.8 (or 3.7). Python 3.6 is no longer supported.
```
